hi BJ welcome or - yeah welcome to
Augusta I have my two bestest bitches of
me me and me Matt and how them together
we are mana or hodge long time coming
that these two people so guys today we
are going to doing the Pokemon noise
challenge now I don't know if this is
like a thing on YouTube
my friends James did it and basically I
want to do as well I think he tagged me
but will do a practice miltank say
basically guys we all take turns in
picking a Pokemon it's gonna be random
so like we're gonna so we're just gonna
do this and randomly select a Pokemon
and then they've got to reenact the
crime we've got try and guess what it is
I'll let Matt go first so put the
headphones on I can't do this to stop
now you've got snow globe cheating no no
is it let's be bad
no I think it's really that accurate
this good at the same time so it's
difficult I do the top one first or Tina
yeah okay let's listen to the sound
listen to the snare drum
where's the snare job look I don't know
Portero seriously hey well okay not to
spill water all over my fucking floor
okay sounds like vinegar far coughing no
spin us know it bounces continuously oh
why does it bigger so good I know
something legendary yeah
okay you should get this one okay Jen
yeah okay the quality of them this is
one of those ones annoying ones you
always encountered anything just go away
its front teeth grow at the same rate
dude
Lassiter's yeah nosey my comedy view got
Eevee strain values shit grumble grumble
were fairy-type was the winner I hope
you enjoyed this video guys guys make
sure you don't like bugs just really
help me out and share with all your
friends and do all that good stuff and
come and follow me on all my social
medias my twitter facebook Instagram all
the links are in the description and I
put these bitches down there as well
I'll see you soon I love you guys be
fabulous maymays we gave you everything
abhi than any bitch other take over you
shuffle all this and yeah
this is the shittest video ever made